<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<meta charset="UTF-8" />
		<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml"/>

		<title>SettleScape Rules</title>
		<meta name="description" content="A list of rules for SettleScape, a Java Minecraft server." />
		<meta name="keywords" content="SettleScape,Minecraft,rules" />

		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
		<meta name="theme-color" content="#555" />
		<meta name="background-color" content="#fff" />

		<base href="https://SettleScape.org" />

		<link rel="icon" type="image/svg+xml" href="/favicon.svg" />
		<link rel="icon shortcut" type="image/x-icon" href="/favicon.ico" />

		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/styles.css" />

		<link rel="robots" type="text/plain" href="/robots.txt" />
		<link rel="author" type="text/plain" href="/humans.txt" />
	</head>

	<body>
		<header>
			<h1><a href="/">SettleScape</a></h1>
			<nav>
				<a href="/">Home</a>
				<a href="/rules" class="selfsame-link">Rules</a>
				<a href="/files">Downloadables</a>
			</nav>
		</header>

		<section>
			<article>
				<h2>Rules</h2>

				<div>
					<h3>Upstream</h3>
					<p>These are rules that we have no control over, and that must be followed by all players.  SettleScape strictly enforces compliance with these to the best of its ability because it <i>has</i> to, full-stop.</p>
					<ol>
						<li>The laws of the United States of America</li>
						<li>The laws of the state of Texas, where SettleScape's server is located</li>
						<li><a href="https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/eula">Minecraft EULA</a></li>
						<li><a href="https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/usage-guidelines">Minecraft Usage Guidelines</a></li>
						<li><a href="https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/community-standards">Minecraft Community Standards</a></li>
					</ol>
					<p>In order to avoid running afoul of the above, we have implemented some additional rules:</p>
					<ul>
						<li>Do not do <em>anything</em> illegal.  This includes gambling, which the server has banned in any form, including with in-game items.  Committing any illegal offense is very likely to result in a permaban.  We have to have zero-tolerance policy for such shenanigans – the operators of SettleScape are not willing to go to jail for your crimes.</li>
						<li>No in-game leaderboards – not even on signs.  Any such signs, if found, will be destroyed and the player who placed them (we have a log of every block placed) will be fined in-game currency.</li>
						<li>Players known to be below the age of majority in the USA do not have read or write access to chat, either in-game or on Discord.  Additionally, they will be banned unless they can provide proof that a legal guardian approves of their presence in the server/Discord.  Children below the age of 13 will always be banned.</li>
						<li>Certain countries have passed legislation that is impossible for us to adhere to.  Like we literally physically do not have the time or money to meet their demands.  Accordingly, we refuse connections from these countries.  Attempting to circumvent such georestrictions will result in being permabanned.  The list of countries is: the entire EU, Brazil, Russia, and China.</li>
					</ul>
					<p>In order to help ensure we remain on the right side of the law, anyone who reports a previously-unknown-to-the-administion infraction of the above rules will be rewarded with in-game currency should their report prove true.  (They will be fined in-game currency if their report proves false.)</p>
				</div>

				<div>
					<h3>Code of Conduct</h3>
					<ol>
						<li>Always de-escalate.</li>
						<li>Do not violate trust.</li>
						<li>Avoid logical fallacies.</li>
					</ol>
				</div>

				<div>
					<h3>Griefing Policy</h3>
					<p>Note that these restrictions apply only to long-lived worlds.  Temporary worlds are an absolute free-for-all.</p>
					<ol>
						<li>Loot, don't grief – do not ruin for the sake of ruining.</li>
						<li>No looting in Towns unless they are marked as ruins, even if you seem to have access.  Always explicitly ask for permission.</li>
					</ol>
				</div>

				<div>
					<h3>Nickname Policy</h3>
					<ol>
						<li>No obscenities.  Violators will have their nickname removed, and repeat offenders may permanently lose the ability to set custom nicknames.</li>
						<li>Your Discord nickname and your SettleScape nickname should match.</li>
					</ol>
				</div>

			</article>
		</section>
		<footer>
			<span>Copyright © from 2024 by SettleScape per <a href="https://GitHub.com/SettleScape/server/blob/master/COPYRIGHT.TXT">LAGPL3</a>.</span>
			<span>(<a href="https://github.com/SettleScape/server/tree/master/www">Source Code</a>)</span>
		</footer>
	</body>
</html>
